# About-me
I'll be typing this document on english so it will be really easy for some people to read it, despite being from Brazil.

My name is Davi, but people like to call me by "Davie". I pretty like it, gives a real cool sound to my name. Originally, "Davi" is the portuguese version of "David". Pretty uncool, isn't it?

I'm a 19 years old guy who lives in the city of São Paulo in Brazil. I have a technical graduation at logistics, and I went to the Economics High School, and stayed there for 2 years. In the middle of the first period, the coronavirus breakup started, and my academic life changed a lot. And I mean in a very bad way. 

You see, high school teachers are not used to teach people by distance, since it's a very low-rated method in Brazil. The pandemic brought us the incapacity of being in a physical classroom, so here we were, suddenly turning into e-students all of a sudden. It was bad. Really, really bad, specially for my course. We had to learn several advanced maths, along with a lot of objective principles, and we couldn't even understand half of it. We were spending time and money, but learning nothing in return. I tried lots of studying methods in the attempt of understanding everything I could, but I tell you, it was really tiring. Not only it burned me out, but made me depressed with the idea of staying any period after that one. 

I didn't know what to do. Everything seemed quite exhaustive and depressing. I stopped trying to learn things and just spent my time playing videogames and drawing pixel arts. I thought I was doomed for sure, and the fact that the pandemic brought money problems to my family, everything seemed to be lost for me, making me hopeless. I didn't know where I could go. Finding a job after Brazil's economical downfall is being really, really difficult. 

After that, I started seeking for options. I looked for programming lessons and courses, see if I still had my proficiency on it, and it went quite well. I saw potential, and started looking for a way to learn more and more; a source of knowledge, at most. Then, I came across Kenzie Academy. After the elimination process, I was approved. I had nothing to lose, and no fear of failing so I could learn from my mistakes. Everything was bright for me after that. Good counseling, continuous help, and extended support were parts of Kenzie's methods. I sawa things that I'd never think of. Things that not even high schools do for their students. I found a place with a comfortable and professional environment, where the community helps itself to improve. Where people care about what you learn and do. Where you learn to ask for help, and learn things with respectful and humble people. It's been almost a month since I've joined Kenzie Academy, and I've never learned something so fast like now. It has quality control, efficiency and support. That's what makes Kenzie different. I still have a long way to be the programmer I dream being, but I'm willig to do my best for it. I'm very thankful for Kenzie's professional team for making me feel good and motivated after a long, bad time.
